Add salesforce examples to the integration samples (#31)
ballerina-guides/integration-samples: salesforce_api/kafka_salesforce_integration/kafka-salesforce-pricebook_update/Readme.md

> Example to update the product price in the Salesforce pricebook through Kafka and Salesforce integration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example updates the product price in the Salesforce price book through Kafka and Salesforce integration.
```

Reviewer: Link to kafka and salesforce

## Use case
Apache Kafka is a distributed event store and stream-processing platform, widely used for enterprise messaging applications.

> Organizations maintain details about products in various data stores such as ERP systems, databases, etc. These data stores can be updated by different business units. As these updates roll out, it's important to implement reliable communication between all such business units and data stores so that data is updated consistently across all systems.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Organizations maintain details about products in various data stores such as ERP systems, databases, etc. Different business units can update these data stores. As these updates roll out, it's essential to implement reliable communication between business units and data stores to update data across all systems consistently.

The following sample demonstrates a scenario in which a product's price in a price book in Salesforce is updated with product details fetched from a Kafka topic whenever a new message is received.

## Prerequisites
* Salesforce account
* Install Kafka

### Setting up a Salesforce account
1. Visit [Salesforce](https://www.salesforce.com/) and create a Salesforce Account.
2. Create a connected app and obtain the following credentials:
    *   Base URL (Endpoint)
    *   Access Token
    *   Client ID
    *   Client Secret
    *   Refresh Token
    *   Refresh Token URL
3. When you are setting up the connected app, select the following scopes under Selected OAuth Scopes:
    *   Access and manage your data (api)
    *   Perform requests on your behalf at any time (refresh_token, offline_access)
    *   Provide access to your data via the Web (web)
4. Provide the client ID and client secret to obtain the refresh token and access token. For more information on obtaining OAuth2 credentials, go to [Salesforce documentation](https://help.salesforce.com/articleView?id=remoteaccess_authenticate_overview.htm).

> 5. Once you obtained all configurations, Replace "" in the `Conf.toml` file with your data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Once you obtained all configurations, add those to the `config.toml` file.
```

### Setting up Kafka.
1. To test in local machines, install the Kafka to your machine and start the server. You can follow the steps [here](https://kafka.apache.org/quickstart).

## Configuration
Create a file called `Config.toml` at the root of the project.

### Config.toml 
```
[<ORG_NAME>.kafka_salesforce_pricebook_update]
salesforceBaseUrl = "<SALESFORCE_BASE_URL>"
salesforceAccessToken = "<SALESFORCE_ACCESS_TOKEN>"
```

## Testing

> 1. First run the kafka_msgProducer to start the kafka producer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. First, run the kafka_msgProducer to start the Kafka producer.
```

2. Start the Kafka subscriber by running the kafka-salesforce-pricebook_update.

3. Then send the required message to Kafka producer using `curl http://localhost:9090/orders -H "Content-type:application/json" -d "{\"name\": \"<PRODUCT_NAME>\", \"unitPrice\": <UPDATED_PRICE>}"`.

> When the new message is published to the Kafka topic, the subscriber will update the new price in the Salesforce pricebook.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the new message is published to the Kafka topic, the subscriber will update the new price in the Salesforce price book.
```
